improve wording; non-functional (#489)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-3-Events.md

{% include img.html img="SelectionEventName.png" caption="Figure: Selection Event-name specification" %}

> The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event typically contains two fields. One field with the name of the fhir-resource holding the anchor resource, and one or more fields named select indicating the resources that is selected.

Reviewer: I am not sure why to change from FHIRresource to fhir-resource but am OK if folks want to do so.  FHIRresource is consistent with the EBNF diagram and other naming in the text of event descriptions.  If the intent is simply to "generically" refer to a FHIR resource maybe FHIR resource is better than fhir-resource?

Author: Eric, I was sloppy with this change and just copied and pasting the jira commenter's proposed wording, despite us having made additional changes to the sentence since his comment was written. I took almost all of your suggestion.

> The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event typically contains two fields. One field with the name of the fhir-resource holding the anchor resource, and one or more fields named select indicating the resources that is selected.

Reviewer: Actually the original text was not only poor from a grammar perspective, it was also incorrect.  The `select` field is an array that contains 0 - n resources that are selected.

> The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event typically contains two fields. One field with the name of the fhir-resource holding the anchor resource, and one or more fields named select indicating the resources that is selected.

Reviewer: Hence my text proposal would be:

The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event contains two fields. One field with the name of the FHIR resource which is the anchor context, and one field named `select` which is an array indicating the resources that are selected or an empty array indicating that no resource is selected.

Author: I made the empty array phrase into it's own sentence, but otherwise took all of the above. Thank you for paying attention and catching this!

> The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event typically contains two fields. One field with the name of the fhir-resource holding the anchor resource, and one or more fields named select indicating the resources that is selected.

Author: ```suggestion
The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event typically contains two fields. One field with the name of the FHIR resource which is the anchor context, and one field named `select` which is an array indicating the resources that are selected. If no resource is selected, `select` is an empty array.

```

> The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event typically contains two fields. One field with the name of the FHIR resource which is the anchor context, and one field named `select` which is an array indicating the resources that are selected. If no resource is selected, `select` is an empty array.

Author: ```suggestion
The `FHIRresource` indicates the context of the selection. The `context` element in a select event contains two fields. One field with the name of the FHIR resource which is the anchor context, and one field named `select` which is an array indicating the resources that are selected. If no resource is selected, `select` is an empty array.

```
